[Music]
the expeditionary Communicator came from
the 2018 common outs planning guidance
it's an answer to what is the
communicator of the future the
expeditionary Communications course or
the ECC is a 56 day course that is
designed to make corporals through gruny
sergeants proficient in the 0600
occupational field Marines are trained
in the execution of each element of
communications and how these skills
apply to force
[Applause]
design the ECC has five phases Each of
which teaches the core discipline of
communications making Marines more
effective in their
craft the first phase teaches Marines to
plan and Implement command control
Communications and computers in the
expeditionary advanc based operations
environment R to learn about the ever
growing capability of communication
systems and emerging
Technologies the second phase focuses
equipping Marines with the skills to
effectively carry out a C2 architecture
by teaching configuring implementing and
maintaining small form factor Network
and Data Systems Marines also be trained
in the network fundamentals integrating
into the global Network and their
crucial role in facilitating critical
information
exchange third and fourth phase give
Marines an understanding of how narrow
band and wideband transmission systems
operate and what they're capable of
Marines will get the chance to work with
both Cutting Edge gear and commercial
offthe shelf or C systems making Marines
ready to perform in warfare's harshest
environments in Final Phase students
integrate each core discipline to show
Mastery in the art of planning
installing operating and maintaining a
C2 infrastructure this will ensures
students can properly integrate systems
of Communications in a tactical
Operation Center an essential component
of any combat
operation come be part of the future of
War fighting in the Marine Corps and
further your beyond your field the
expeditionary Communications course